Show code problems found by workflow linter in the migration dashboard (#1741)
databrickslabs/ucx: src/databricks/labs/ucx/queries/migration/main/02_0_workflow_migration_problems.md

-- widget title=Workflow migration problems, row=2, col=0, size_x=2, size_y=8

> ## 2 - Workflow migration problems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2 - Code compatibility problems
```

The table on the right assist with verifying if workflows are Unity Catalog compatible. It can be filtered on the path,
problem code and workflow name. The table:
- Points to a problem detected in the code using the code path, workflow & task reference and start/end line & column;

> - Explains the problem with a humanreadable message and a code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explains the problem with a human-readable message and a code.
```
